Create setting-up-white-label-seller-as-pickup-point.md (#609)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Fulfillment/setting-up-white-label-seller-as-pickup-point.md

---
title: "Setting up white label seller as pickup point"
slug: "setting-up-white-label-seller-as-pickup-point"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2023-07-25T20:30:14.043Z"
updatedAt: "2023-07-25T20:30:14.127Z"
---

> 

Reviewer: Comentário geral:

Senti muita falta de code examples, menções a campos específicos e snippets de request e response body aqui no guia - algo que a doc do Help cumpria. Sugiro fortemente inserir uns codeblocks mais atualizados, acho que vai contribuir bastante pra clareza do conteúdo.

> Every [franchise account](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-franchise-account--kWQC6RkFSCUFGgY5gSjdl) created in VTEX is automatically associated as a [white label seller](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/white-label-seller--5orlGHyDHGAYciQ64oEgKa) of the main account. So [pickup points](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/pickup-points--2fljn6wLjn8M4lJHA6HP3R) configured in the franchise account will be valid for orders placed in the main account. The franchise account will act as white label seller of the main account.

Reviewer: Achei confuso o parágrafo, tive que ler algumas vezes pra esclarecer. E a frase final repete a primeira. Vou trazer uma sugestão de texto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every [franchise account](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-franchise-account--kWQC6RkFSCUFGgY5gSjdl) created in VTEX is also automatically a [white label seller](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/white-label-seller--5orlGHyDHGAYciQ64oEgKa) of the main account. So any [pickup points](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/pickup-points--2fljn6wLjn8M4lJHA6HP3R) configured in the franchise account will be available options for shoppers who place orders in the main account.
```

> >❗ All settings must be made in the franchise account, which is the white label seller. Items will only be displayed at Checkout for shoppers with the pickup point option if the SKU is available in the inventory of the main account and also in the inventory of the franchise account.

Reviewer: 1. All settings = todas todas mesmo? 
All settings de pickup point? Tem link pra explicar o que é configurado?

2. _Items_ do catálogo do white label seller/franchise account?

3. _Checkout_ da main account?

4. A construção gramatical de "shoppers **with** the pickup option" dá a entender que a posse/relação de pickup options é do shopper e não do items no checkout. 

5. Como faz pra associar o SKU na conta franquia e main account? Por ser seller white label, como é feito o envio? É necessário fazer o processo de match received SKUs? Que endpoints tão envolvidos nesse processo?

6. Me parece que tem tanta info importante pra esse processo acontecer que não foi informada nesse callout, que vale um heading inteiro só pra isso

Author: Enderecei vários desses pontos! Como era uma doc do Help Center, carece de info sobre endpoints. Acrescentei várias, mas ainda precisaria de mais, isso só não está priorizado dentro dessa tarefa e da relevância desse material no momento.

## Initial setup

To set up a white label seller as a pickup point, you have to make the following configurations:

- [Pickup point](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/creating-pickup-points--2R5ClQiwe4KoSQgsuiOw4E): create the pickup point with the franchise account address. You can use the [Create/Update Pickup Point](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/logistics-api#put-/api/logistics/pvt/configuration/pickuppoints/-pickupPointId-) endpoint.

> - [Shipping policy](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/shipping-policy--tutorials_140): set up a shipping policy and link it to a registered pickup point. You can use the [Create shipping policy](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/logistics-api#post-/api/logistics/pvt/shipping-policies) endpoint.

Reviewer: 1. Qual campo ou endpoint linka uma shipping policy a um pickup point?

> - [Loading dock](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/managing-loading-docks--7K3FultD8I2cuuA6iyGEiW): configure a loading dock and link it to the shipping policy associated with the pickup point. You can use the [Create/update dock](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/logistics-api#post-/api/logistics/pvt/configuration/docks) endpoint.

Reviewer: Qual campo ou endpoint linka uma shipping policy a uma doca?

> - [Warehouse](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/managing-warehouses--tutorials_137): you must configure a warehouse and link it to the shipping policy associated with the pickup point. You can use the [Create/update warehouse](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/logistics-api#post-/api/logistics/pvt/configuration/warehouses) endpoint.

Reviewer: Qual campo ou endpoint linka uma shipping policy a um estoque?

> ## Fill in inventory quantity

Reviewer: Inventory level é mais usado

> ## Fill in inventory quantity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fill in inventory level
```

After setting the pickup point, the shipping policy, the loading dock, and the warehouse, fill in the quantity of the items in inventory. You can also use the [Update inventory by SKU and warehouse](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/logistics-api#put-/api/logistics/pvt/inventory/skus/-skuId-/warehouses/-warehouseId-) endpoint.

The franchise account does not have its own catalogue, it inherits products and SKU information from the main account, so it is necessary to update quantity through the [import and export of the inventory spreadsheet](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/importing-and-exporting-an-inventory-spreadsheet--tutorials_2034).

> ## Validate configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate settings
```

> When you made the pickup point configurations correctly in the franchise account, SKUs with inventory and price can be sold on the main account. The franchise account will work as white label seller and the main account will work as marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've made the pickup point settings correctly in the franchise account, SKUs with inventory levels and price values configured can be sold on the main account. The franchise account will work as a white label seller and the main account will work as marketplace.
```

> >❗ Make sure your white label seller is active. In your VTEX Admin, go to __Marketplace > Sellers > Management__, and in the seller row in column _Status_, click `Active`.

Reviewer: Linkar doc do Help

### White label seller and franchise account

To check if the white label seller is delivering a SKU through the registered pickup point, use the [Cart simulation endpoint](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#post-/api/checkout/pub/orderForms/simulation).

> When the configuration was made correctly, the call will return the shipping information of the a given SKU. That is enough to check if the shipping is occuring by the registered pickup point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the configuration was made correctly, the call will return the shipping information of a given SKU. That is enough to check if the shipping is occurring by the registered pickup point.
```

Reviewer: Qual campo dentro do objeto de shipping information do SKU me revela que a configuração de pickup point tá correta?

> ### Marketplace and main account

Reviewer: No callout ali em cima foi a primeira vez que você se referiu a main account como marketplace. Não necessariamente as pessoas vão se tocar dessa equivalência tendo uma menção em uma única frase no fim do guia. Ter um heading já assumindo que agora é marketplace e não main account pode contribuir pra confusão das pessoas

Author: Expliquei melhor.

> To check if the Marketplace is including the SKU of the white label seller in the shopping cart, use the [Cart simulation endpoint](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#post-/api/checkout/pub/orderForms/simulation).

Reviewer: marketplace é com m minúsculo, mas o ponto que botei acima ainda é válido

> The call should return shopping cart information to where the SKU was sent in the context of the request body.

Reviewer: Essa frase me parece bem confusa. 
"where the SKU was sent"  = o endereço físico do pick up point, ou sent pro catálogo da main account? 

E que contexto do request body? Sem exemplo de código fica extremamente difícil de entender o que essa frase quer dizer.

Author: Alterei a frase.
